today I'm going to cook chicken curry
the ingredient from the chicken curry is
first of all we need chicken one kilo
onion for 3 to 4 onions ginger little
like 1/2 - 1 3/4 inch big 4 to 5 cloves
of garlic 2 tablespoon of coriander
powder 1 and 1/2 tablespoon of red
chilli powder turmeric 1/2 teaspoon 1/2
teaspoon of pepper and 1/2 to 3/4
teaspoon of garam masala mustard salt
coriander leaf and the curry leaf so now
I have just put the oil to the pan I
will put the the sliced onion ginger
garlic
and saute till it becomes slightly brown
[Music]
so they become a little advanced
solution we can add some salt
[Music]
now this to the chicken curry which I
was sorting it's been sorted out now
it's bigger slightly brown I added to
curry leaf also and to this now we will
add the dry ingredients which I have
already mentioned earlier the red chili
powder pepper garam masala coriander
powder and turmeric add mix almond and
to this you can add the tomato if you if
you are interested tomato adding also it
will give you a little sadness and very
close mix it went slower down the flame
otherwise it might burn to this let the
tomato all get a little soft then we
will add the chicken I added the chicken
now it will take some times to cook we
can add little water and the and the
chicken water will drain out from itself
so if we try to add like 1 into 2 cups
of water close and
put the flame in the height I love it -
coconut jam us are like catch on the
chicken now the chicken is been combed
now we are to go for the tempering the
oil is hot and to the mustard and the
once it is flutter we had to put the
onion and curry leaf and started for for
a while till it is life like a round
[Applause]
the tempering has now became slightly
browned off the gas and add to the
cooked chicken curry mix it and last
maybe with this garnished with coriander
leaf thank you